[Music]
[Music] some 46 to the chief musician a psalm of
some 46 to the chief musician a psalm of
some 46 to the chief musician a psalm of the sons of Koda a song for lmf god is
the sons of Koda a song for lmf god is
the sons of Koda a song for lmf god is our refuge and strength a very present
our refuge and strength a very present
our refuge and strength a very present help in trouble therefore we will not
help in trouble therefore we will not
help in trouble therefore we will not fear even though the earth be removed
fear even though the earth be removed
fear even though the earth be removed and though the mountains be carried into
and though the mountains be carried into
and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea though its waters
the midst of the sea though its waters
the midst of the sea though its waters roar and be troubled though the
roar and be troubled though the
roar and be troubled though the mountains shake with its swelling there
mountains shake with its swelling there
mountains shake with its swelling there is a river whose streams shall make glad
is a river whose streams shall make glad
is a river whose streams shall make glad the City of God the holy place of the
the City of God the holy place of the
the City of God the holy place of the tabernacle of the Most High God is in
tabernacle of the Most High God is in
tabernacle of the Most High God is in the midst of her she shall not be moved
the midst of her she shall not be moved
the midst of her she shall not be moved God shall help her just at the break of
God shall help her just at the break of
God shall help her just at the break of dawn the nation's raged the kingdom's
dawn the nation's raged the kingdom's
dawn the nation's raged the kingdom's were moved he uttered his voice the
were moved he uttered his voice the
were moved he uttered his voice the earth melted a Lord of Hosts is with us
earth melted a Lord of Hosts is with us
earth melted a Lord of Hosts is with us the God of Jacob is our refuge come
the God of Jacob is our refuge come
the God of Jacob is our refuge come behold the works of the Lord who has
behold the works of the Lord who has
behold the works of the Lord who has made desolations in the earth he makes
made desolations in the earth he makes
made desolations in the earth he makes Wars cease to the end of the earth he
Wars cease to the end of the earth he
Wars cease to the end of the earth he breaks the pole and cuts the spear in
breaks the pole and cuts the spear in
breaks the pole and cuts the spear in two he burns the chariot in the fire be
two he burns the chariot in the fire be
two he burns the chariot in the fire be still and know that I am
still and know that I am
still and know that I am I will be exalted among the nation's I
I will be exalted among the nation's I
I will be exalted among the nation's I will be exalted in the earth the Lord of
will be exalted in the earth the Lord of
will be exalted in the earth the Lord of Hosts is with us the God of Jacob is our
Hosts is with us the God of Jacob is our
Hosts is with us the God of Jacob is our refuge
refuge
refuge [Music]